He had developing an employee platform on the platform using spring framework, and we already set up
our project with spring and we develop some models.
Now let us see what is happening saying hybrid.
Basically, Hibernate is basically used for the database concepts this autumn, basically object relational
mapping, but you can say it's not more related to the Java interface is more related to Java database
connectivity, so hibernate frame.
So if you already know we have already GDC Java database connections and so we can perform database
like that back in part with Java.
But why, instead of using so little, we can have a first thing you can use injection dependency in
hypomanic plus.
It simplifies the development of Java application.
It's if you closely look in natural light code that you can change that we are building their dependencies
directly that that Java database, we are already directly.
We are not performing as application, but we are performing that audit of this connection as a class
properties.
So there is a coupling between this if there is an error in something, so our application will not
deploy.
If we have some database status, so we don't want to go home.
And also we are embedding the it means directly link slick starting all the teams, then inserting things.
So that's very difficult thing, and it's not appropriate while developing all, although what we can
say is so it is an open source, late maturing object, relational.
Plus it's hibernate implements the jibia, which is job persistence for the data systems.
So what you really need is distance if you close the loop or default entries in database rules.
Relational database I'm.
So it will not accept national database.
Basically, it will accept only the valid databases, I wouldn't.
Then why are we so what is are included in subjudice Apia as its indirect EPA, but it's for data creation,
manipulation and taxes, so it is basically programming technique with mass objects that are stored
in database, and you can closely do this job application.
And this is the object you can select like we can create an object and our application, which passes
through audio and which goes through the database.
If you close the solid database and you revisit the responsibility, banks passes the school students
throughout this school.
So we are eliminating that friendships in building the illegal settlements in Java.
We're excluding that part.
We are directly approving that, and I will tell you what is the Jeep?
So Jeep is basically Java Persistence API Java.
You can say here is Java object oriented obstinance.
Basically, the GPUs you can set up, but a distance from the classes and interfaces.
So let us see in the IEEE part, but we are going to perform different things.
So we need.
Take me up on sale properties first.
Can you believe in we can change that in Cincinnati, so I'm going to in book.
So for the proper visualization and editing, so currently we have unemployed and you can see these
are released, and I already created one interface for that purpose.
So just to interface like the interface is basically just using that section, which provides no goods
in that section because I don't want to anyone to change this part.
So I will tell you what is that getting played by Amy and what is two things you?
Basically, so are life saving play is going to see the blue eyed and before things here then.
One thing I need clear one employee.
So I mentioned during employment, I haven't mentioned or is the employee.
So if you want to check your persistence in it, you can install the plugin dubious structures and you
can get all the hype when it comes to exit.
Currently, I'm not implementing any TV connection, so let us create one team your model.
So as you can see, go to this editing.
Basically, oh, so what I'm going to do, I'm going to create one package here.
Oh.
Let us assume one package you're new and I'm mentioning as package than.
It's.
That's.
Mentioning him as model.
So as you can see, this insane isn't going to create one class and.
Well, let me mention the class name and employment, because I'm going to be that employed.
Inside Nissan Bluffs.
No.
We don't prepare this to focus on this on me.
Now, let me create one our import package, increasingly.
Java Export Assistance, which is basically a.
But this does not start because I'm going to implement everything it.
Then.
Currently, these things are I think that we want.
But let me mention here.
So it's very useful and easy, as I told you already.
No need to mention anything, just to mention.
Definitive ratings entity.
In the end, you should mention it will.
So people.
Insertable.
You the name, so in the database, I'm going to mention names employed, as I told you are to blame.
None.
Oh, as you can see, these teams are done.
So what I need to do this morning will face the data from the database and will do the database connection.
So it's very easy indeed the ingredients in their database.
Oh, I need to mention.
I'm going to create later that it will inside a database.
So as I mentioned, this was Eastern Time, everything you can jigger on this logo will come.
So there's some mention it's a dial up assistance which provides the database connection.
Now let me mention one thing I'd.
I eat so it is nothing but beer to generate you and bring everything so.
Know the some default fund generated the value you need to engineer a strategy strategy.
As you can see, it's excellent for the strategy, so it's a matter of basically strategy, and we need
to mention the red tape 18.
Generation identity, so it will create one unique and interesting identity.
And inside this unique dimension.
Private.
Long.
I.
So what if this things go?
As you can see, I created this I.D. so we will access through that I.D..
I'm going to create an I.D. inside a table so we can change that data to that idea.
So no need to require permission.
You are what you can see.
It's good segment select start from where everything.
So it will automatically detect this is identity and identity parties.
So now let me mention the columns you.
Column.
Pelham is the first column I'm going to mention a name is equal to.
Girls need to remember all these names to me.
And again, private admits isn't string.
Well.
Amoxicillin is a person, so this will be the entity inside database.
Now let me copy this part, so I am hoping I will tell you.
Well, I'm going to mention it again.
Last name and email William Schilling your last name.
Again, the last name again.
And again, I'm mentioning in the third column.
Even so, remember, these entities should be same in the database also, you can mention this.
So it.
Chicken.
Violence.
Of the database.
So this reminder databases know what I need to mention, I need to create one veteran center property.
So for these purposes, though, instead of putting again and again, what are you going to do with
this old insert to insert that here?
So for you, I think it will create one gendered option.
So I don't know what is the or different shortcuts for another system, but for windows you should insert.
You can check two of the keystrokes also get transferred or go to the transit Armitage.
Then you need to create for everything in your transit terminal.
So choose everything and you're looking.
Once you hit, OK?
You can see it will create all the greater entertainment that sort.
These teams created.
These are my columns, so let me do one thing.
This is probably going to be OK after this.
I mentioned in the columns and a prediction creating a great friendship of this.
So let me get.
Determinants, so this is what of getting sick of it, so you should be public.
No need to change anything you need.
These things should be public, so this will be the data from the database.
So now we are currently seeing these things are not deployed in anything.
So I will create and I will tell you what, we are going to work here and everything in the later part.
But in the JPA, as you can see, you can take care of the classes.
This package in this table is this no need to take first in line clubmate in employee database, although
you can say Implique plus we need you as my table.
So let me close this because should you be a panic and exit, you need to work around the.
So now it's got a new in the food related problems because our world is not properly developed, as
you can see, because we haven't mentioned, it employs any methods here.
So in the later part, we are going to check what is the implementers, how we are going to perform
this, how we are going to connect with my skill.
So if you are developing on deploying one laser on laser, would you need one online database for that?
So my recommendation is go statistical bias good or would he be my motive is not relational database.
So the again, these things are going to change in that database, but preferably go with my school,
my school.
So it will help you understand.
Thank you.